  The **education system** currently implemented in **Portugal** is based on the traditional model in which studying is encouraged as the means to pass curricular units through exams, which is a process regarded as an obligation by most students. **Peer mentoring** emerges as an educational model that aims to streamline the teaching process in a more fun, motivating, and educational way for all stakeholders. In addition to fostering the development of soft skills, it represents a motivational boost for all participants and a higher knowledge retention rate thanks to the practicality of the proposed exercises. As a first solution, the possibility of creating an informational campaign emerged through the realization and dissemination of multimedia content to raise awareness among the educational community regarding peer mentoring and its advantages and construction process. 
  Another solution was the possibility of creating an informative website that would only provide information and resources to help teachers who wished to start mentoring sessions with their classes. 
  
  **Ment** is a platform where users (teachers and mentors) could sign-in, create teams of mentors, associate disciplinary groups, produce mentoring sessions and share them publicly through a bank. As in the first hypotheses provided, we would have a strong commitment to awareness and step-by-step monitoring, which would now be implemented on the platform, and which would have the support of a phased tutorial to guide teachers.

  

The platform was created to improve our **React**, **PHP** and **SQL** skills.
